# Bachelor's Software project
### Abstract
In the information age, the ability of information processing and utilizing has become the key to establish the success or failure of enterprises. Faced with the rapid growth of corporate data, traditional data management methods are in vain and then business intelligence has emerged. Today, due to the rapid growth of technology, the formation and use of many users in different social networks, a significant amount of new data is produced in the world every day. Data is one of the most important assets of any company and organization. Despite the production of huge amount of data in every company and organization, processing and analysis of this data is very important. One of the concerns and needs of any large organization or company that has a large amount of data in different forms is the need to analyze the big data of that organization and company. Managers and business owners tend to obtain useful information by analyzing this data and can predict the results and reduce the risk of problems in their business, and with the insight obtained, lead to increased sales and efficiency. Business Intelligence, also called BI for short, is having comprehensive knowledge of all the factors that affect the organization and is a technology-oriented process for data analysis. In this documentary, it has been tried to explain the concepts of business intelligence and the tools of this field, especially Power BI, and at the end, an example of a dashboard will be implemented with the help of this tool.